---
layout: post
---
Food intolerances, hypersensitivity to certain food or food allergies are on the rise throughout the entire world. Suffering from food intolerances myself, I came up with the idea of inventing an app, that would allow you to easily find out, which products were safe to eat and which ones to avoid.

There might already be apps out there, that let you know, which food groups generally to avoid. You might generally know, that you don't feel well after eating strawberries or having a drink of dairy milk. But did you know that some of your favorite products might have traces of it? What does E322 even stand for? Standing in the supermarket, you usually wouldn't suspect fructose in products that don't state any fruit per se on the label. Whenever you go shopping it seems like a very lengthy process to study the list of ingredients on the label. It was very frustrating and I was, quite literally, fed up with having to deal with the constant stomach pain, because I accidentally ate something that I wasn't allowed to consume. Not knowing, if you are sick after indulging on certain products, can be a burden to your social life and your family. Finally, I came up with the idea of inventing an app, that would do the work for me and warn me immediately before buying a pricy product that would end up in the bin. This seemed to be so much better healthwise and environmentally.

This app will help you as well, to source out all the food that you can't eat and all the food that you can happily indulge on. With many processed foods out there, it's always good to know what is safe to eat and what not. I am here to help you and make shopping easier and less time consuming and still healthy. I'm still in the early stages of development and love to get your feedback on this. Any intolerance that you are still missing? Please do let me know.
